[IMP] MRP: Subcontractor Stock on BOM Overview (#19079)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/basic_setup/bill_configuration.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Miscellaneous* tab contains more |BoM| configurations to customize the following
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Materials` and selecting the desired |BOM|. To add a new operation, go to the *Operations*
```

Reviewer: This takes the user to a form now, not a pop-up window. Not sure what it's called. Maybe just "Operation..." form?

Author: good catch... doesn't seem to be a pop-up window, just a new form.

Reviewer: Actually, this whole section probably needs to be reworked a little since the info appears on a form and not in a pop-up. At a glance, it looks very similar, but I defer to your expertise.

Author: Seems to be identical, just with one field reordered.

Reviewer: Out of date? Not seeing these on runbot.

Author: Before opening the pop-up window, did you enter a name and work center on the operation form? These QC types didn't show up for me either before I saved the operation form first.
But good catch, added a line in the previous subsection to explicitly save.

Reviewer: This option seems to add new fields to the pop-up (Device and Obox Device.) Worth documenting?

Author: i'll take note of it... this is probably best updated in a separate PR.

Reviewer: Might have changed in 19.4?

Author: updated with just 'form'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  available. Choosing :guilabel:`When components for 1st operation are available` shows the
```

Reviewer: Experience has changed?  Selecting a BOM and clicking the Action button doesn't bring up "Show BoM Lines". Might be "Compare BoMs" now?

Author: yeah you're right. It should be "compare BoMs" now, which by default opens in the pivot view. Opening the list view should open the lines as described here.

Reviewer: This doesn't jump out as being part of the flow at this point.

Author: may be worth finding a better place in a future PR... think it might be worth just keeping all the functional specifics up-to-date in this PR.

Reviewer: I defer to your expertise. I forget what it looked like yesterday, but I would say that in general, if the flow has changed so much that someone following the steps wouldn't get the expected outcome, it should probably just be changed here and now. If it's just a little janky, yeah, save it for another day.

Reviewer: Not seeing this by default.

Author: good catch... might be worth clarifying that this works for multi-level BoMs where components have BoMs and can be folded for visual ease.

Components
----------

In the *Components* tab of a |BOM|, specify components used to manufacture the product by clicking
:guilabel:`Add a line`. From the :guilabel:`Component` drop-down menu, select from existing products
or create a new product by typing the name and selecting either the :guilabel:`Create "(component)"`
option to quickly add the line item, or the :guilabel:`Create and edit` option to add the component
and continue to its configuration form.

Optionally, access additional fields by clicking the :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(settings

> adjust)` icon at the end of the :guilabel:`Components` tab. Select the checkboxes for the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
adjust)` icon at the end of the *Components* tab. Select the checkboxes for the following
```

Components
----------

In the *Components* tab of a |BOM|, specify components used to manufacture the product by clicking
:guilabel:`Add a line`. From the :guilabel:`Component` drop-down menu, select from existing products
or create a new product by typing the name and selecting either the :guilabel:`Create "(component)"`
option to quickly add the line item, or the :guilabel:`Create and edit` option to add the component
and continue to its configuration form.

Optionally, access additional fields by clicking the :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(settings

> adjust)` icon at the end of the *Components* tab. Select the checkboxes for the following features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
adjust)` icon at the end of the *Components* tab. Select the following features
```
I feel like this is kind of pedantic, so feel free to ignore, but my thought is that you're ultimately selecting the features and not the check boxes themselves. I imagine the reader would still be able to understand your intent, and if you like it this way, feel free to leave it. Just wanted to call it out here (and in other places as applicable.)

- :guilabel:`Duration Computation`: Choose how time spent on the operation is tracked. Opt for
  :guilabel:`Fixed` if operators can record and modify time themselves, which allows a
  :guilabel:`Default Duration` to be specified. Alternatively, choose :guilabel:`Computed` to use
  the operation's time tracker, which enables the :guilabel:`last (#) work orders` field. This

>   ensures the time to complete will be estimated based on a specified number of the previous

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ensures the estimated time to completion is based on a specified number of the previous
```

   .. image:: bill_configuration/description.png
      :alt: Google Gemini feature to generate instructions for a work order.

> Use the *Worksheet* tab to upload a supplementary PDF that will display when the operator completes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the *Worksheet* tab to upload a supplementary PDF that displays when the operator completes
```

Reviewer: Where should this appear? If we're still in the Create Quality Point pop-up, I'm only seeing Instructions, Message If Failure, and Notes as tabs.

Author: See the previous reply about saving the operation form first before creating a QC point. After doing so there should be an additional tab, which is functionally the same but named differently, called "Attachment", not "Worksheet"... so good catch nonetheless.

To begin, navigate to :menuselection:`Manufacturing app --> Products --> Bills of Materials`. All
|BOMs| are listed on this page.

To locate all |BOMs| that use the affected component, click into the search bar and filter using a
:guilabel:`Custom Filter`. Select :menuselection:`BoM Lines --> Component`. Set :guilabel:`is equal

> to`, and select the component that you want to filter by. Click :guilabel:`Search`. |BOMs| with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to`, and select the component to filter by. Click :guilabel:`Search`. |BOMs| with the
```

.. image:: bill_configuration/bom-lines.png
   :alt: The BoM lines matching the Bolt component display.

Select the checkmark next to the lines to update, then update the :guilabel:`Component` field for
one of the lines. When clicking away from the :guilabel:`Component` field, a *Confirmation* window

> opens to verify that multiple components will be updated. Click :guilabel:`Update` to verify the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
opens to verify that multiple components are to be updated. Click :guilabel:`Update` to verify the
```

   .. image:: bill_configuration/add-by-product.png
      :alt: Show sample by-product in the BoM.

> .. _manufacturing/basic-setup/bom-overview:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. _manufacturing/bill_configuration/bom-overview:
```
I know the rest of them use the other convention, but if we're creating new anchors, we may as well use the correct structure: `app_name/file_name/anchor-name`

- :guilabel:`Free to Use/On Hand`: This shows how many units can be reserved for an order out of the

>   total number of units available to the company.

Reviewer: Not seeing this by default.

- :guilabel:`Subcontractor Stock`: This column only appears if the :guilabel:`BoM Type` is set to
  :guilabel:`Subcontracting`. It displays how many units can be reserved for an order out of the
  total number of units available at the subcontracting location.
- :guilabel:`Status`: This column specifies whether a component is :guilabel:`Available` or
  :guilabel:`Not Available`, or if it needs to be purchased (:guilabel:`# To Buy`). If the product

>   or component needs to be manufactured, the :guilabel:`Estimated` date of completion is listed,

Reviewer: Not seeing this by default.
